Then let's renegotiate the terms of compensation
But you weren't hurt either?
Do I have to break my head to be hurt?
That's not what I meant.
Who is the victim of this accident?
Miss Mu, my heart is not very good
Maybe you just did that
It's already punched me
Excuse me.
Take a call
I don't care about squeaks
What shall we buy next time?
What stocks did he move in?
It's all our family's fortune
Lucky, come out and take a look at the stocks
Hmph, who let you take that stinky man?
I can't get rich either, please help me.
I'll buy you Lucy's new album then.
Luxi deal
Buying Fulla Properties
I will definitely buy Fulla Properties tomorrow
You also trade stocks
The stock you're talking about has fallen below sky-high prices
The company is going bankrupt, are you sure?
Hahaha maybe
Fra Properties stock falls below the limit
Was facing bankruptcy
But I don't want to come back overnight
The stock price rose sharply
Go check the girl in the hospital for me